>> Steve Kinney: So questions,
comments, concerns,
cries of outrage, anything you want me
to talk about that we didn't talk about?
The one thing I will also
say is the same idea,
we didn't encrypt any passwords
the whole way in, right?
And again,
that falls under you do it once,
you can hash passwords the same way,
which is there is a secret, right?
Actually, you can do a one-way hashing
algorithm, which is that password will
hash into the same thing every
time just like jQuery did, right?
And all those other things, and
you store the hash version.
You check the password they send you,
which should be password 123 or whatever.
It should always hash in the same mess,
right?
And so when exfiltrates everything in your
database, they theoretically only have
the encrypted versions,
which you can't go the other way with.
The problem is,
have you all ever heard of rainbow tables?
Yeah, so when there is a data leak
from somebody who didn't encrypt their
passwords, right, there's a bunch
of known passwords out there.
You run it through the encryption
algorithm, you get the hashed versions,
you can just use those, right?
You can't use the hashed version.
You just know that if I see f$a6#,
whatever,
that's really password 123,
and then you're good to go.
So the best practice there
is what's called a salt,
which is just something else.
The same way we had a secret for our
cookies and we had a secret for our JOTS.
You say, I'm gonna take the password and
this other thing, and
I'm gonna hash those together.
So you would need both the other thing and
the password in order to get there,
and that's one additional
layer of protection, right?
Having something that is at least
harder to know that way if you lose.
Sometimes, the name of the game is don't
lose two things or don't lose everything.
If you only have one thing and
you lose it, it's everything.
If you have two things, right?
Then, you have the ability, maybe one
thing was kept an environment variable.
So even if they did a SQL injection,
you're good to go, right?
Not good to go, you still have a lot of
apologizing to do in the media, right?
[LAUGH] But generally speaking, you can at
least kind of have those pieces in place.
Cuz you can even store that salt,
you can have a different salt for
every single user,
that's just a random thing.
And cool,
the hash is a two thing combined, so
even if they had a rainbow table.
They can't do anything with
the hashed version, right?
But then if you lose the salt,
you've lost everyone's password.
So, it's kinda getting kinda a lock.
It works until you lose the keys and
you two are locked out, right?
And these are the trade offs,
and these are things.
The one thing that I will say that
we didn't cover as well, and again,
this is now somewhat like we're getting
to the true esoteric as we wrap up here,
is there are many versions of this.
The one that I've used in the past is,
especially, honestly,
if you're on AWS, you use AWS's.
If you're on Azure, use Azure's.
If you're on Google Clouds,
they all have stupid names that
tell you exactly what they do and
aren't cool at all.
But they are ways that if you have
multiple services that all need to share
the same secret,
updating a whole bunch of environment
variables at once is untenable.
So this gives you a way to kind of
manage that in whatever cloud service.
I think there are third-party ones
if you're cloud agnostic as well.
I'm not, so whatever.
But ways to kinda give you
a secure place to put those keys,
cuz losing those keys is bad, right,
and then practice around rotating.
Things that are less web security,
more security, rotate your keys,
all that kinda stuff, don't leave stuff
out in the open, so on and so forth.
But that kind of for
the pieces of the cookie security stuff,
making sure we actually
understand the CSPs and that.
CSP and CORS sometimes get a bad rap,
cuz when we're first starting an app,
it feels like, why is nothing working?
Why is nothing loading?
I hate this, how do I turn it off, right?
But these are actually important
mechanisms that taken thoughtfully and
carefully and
actually understanding philosophically how
they work empowers you to actually
have multiple layers of protection.
Because the security hole comes from
either something you never knew about or
something when they real tired, right, and
just a mistake that invalidates something.
So having those multiple layers and
kind of configuring them properly
becomes a really powerful concept.
I have been lucky so far that I have not
personally had to sit in the postmortem.
I run the team, so if anyone's great
screws it up on my team, it's my fault.
But I've never had to do that yet,
knock on wood.
I hope it's wood, but no, that's not
anything anyone wants to do, right?
And also, users and
they're important, I guess.
But yeah, yes, any final questions or
anything Dustin, from the chat?
[INAUDIBLE].
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
thank you all so much, whoo.
>> [APPLAUSE]